docs(release-notes): add v1.41 release notes (#28697)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/release-notes-js.md

import LiteYouTube from '@site/src/components/LiteYouTube';

## Version 1.41

### New APIs

> - New method [`method: Page.unrouteAll`] and [`method: BrowserContext.unrouteAll`]. Unroutes all routes created with [`method: Page.route`] and [`method: BrowserContext.route`] to wait or ignore errors (if any).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New method [`method: Page.unrouteAll`] removes all routes registered by [`method: Page.route`] and [`method: Page.routeFromHAR`]. Optionally allows to wait for ongoing routes to finish, or ignore any errors from them.
- New method [`method: BrowserContext.unrouteAll`] removes all routes registered by [`method: BrowserContext.route`] and [`method: BrowserContext.routeFromHAR`]. Optionally allows to wait for ongoing routes to finish, or ignore any errors from them.
```

> 

Reviewer: Where are blob reporter `fileName` and screenshot `style`/`stylePath` options?
